Update contributing guide and PR template (#7008)
nushell/nushell: .github/pull_request_template.md

# Description

(Description of your pull request goes here. **Provide examples and/or screenshots** if your changes affect the user experience.)

> # Major Changes
> 
> If you add or change a feature, especially if the change is user-facing, seek feedback from regular contributors and get an approval from the core team either on [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/NtAbbGn) or [GitHub issue](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/issues/new/choose).
> Making sure we're all on board with the change saves everybody's time.
> Thanks!

Reviewer: How about making it clear that this is for prior approval of an idea, before starting work? Also, it's not quite clear what a "feature" is, so maybe just say "major change"?

```suggestion
# Major Changes

If you're considering making any major change to nushell, before starting work on it, seek feedback from regular contributors and get approval for the idea from the core team either on [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/NtAbbGn) or [GitHub issue](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/issues/new/choose).
Making sure we're all on board with the change saves everybody's time.
Thanks!
```

> Thanks!

Reviewer: Sorry I didn't think of it at the time but I think this section makes sense in the contributing guide but not in the PR template -- when someone's opening a PR it's too late for this request.

Author: It's more like a reminder for next time because I think many people might not read the CONTRIBUTING.md. We could reword it, though and point at that file in the PR template.

(Description of your pull request goes here. **Provide examples and/or screenshots** unless the change is trivial)

## Before Submitting

> If your change is non-trivial, for example a new feature or a breaking change, make sure you've got a green light from the core team either on [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/NtAbbGn) or [GitHub issue](https://github.com/nushell/nushell/issues/new/choose).

Reviewer 2: I think I'd just remove the "If your change is non-trivial" and lead with "If your change is a new feature or a breaking change ... ". Just a suggestion. :)

- `cargo clippy --workspace --features=extra -- -D warnings -D clippy::unwrap_used -A clippy::needless_collect` to check that you're using the standard code style
- `cargo test --workspace --features=extra` to check that all tests pass

# User-Facing Changes

If you're making changes that will affect the user experience of Nushell (ex: adding/removing a command, changing an input/output type, adding a new flag):
# After Submitting

> - Get another regular contributor to review the PR before merging

Reviewer 3: I think Dan would be a little sad if this gets removed. He was quite keen on having this as a requirement, even for core team members.

Author: I deleted this because I wrote a similar sentiment to the "Before Submitting" subsection where I put a green light from core team as a requirement. Maybe we could formulate it as "seek feedback from regular contributors and get a green light from the core team"?

Reviewer 3: I think that the "Before Submitting" requirement is fairly different from the "user-facing changes need design review" requirement.

There is some overlap, but the design review can catch small details that might be missed in a high-level pre-PR discussion.

Author: Should we then put into "After Submitting": "Get another regular contributor to review the PR"?

Author: @rgwood Check out the newest change. Is that what you had in mind?

Reviewer 3: Hmm. I think that asking every change to be reviewed is quite different from asking for review on user-facing changes.

Looping in @dandavison as I know this is an area he has opinions about

Reviewer: Thanks, the opinion I have is specifically about user-facing changes, like @kubouch wrote in the PR description:

> Adding/removing a command, changing the meaning of a command, changing an input or output type, changing flags or positional arguments.

I'd like to suggest that anyone (even core team members) making changes like that has to get approval from a regular contributor or core team member.

So I'm not talking about requiring general code review. I'm talking about something more like

```
### User-facing changes

This PR changes the user-facing API of the command `take` in two ways:

1. `my-list | take 1` now returns a list; it does not unwrap automatically
2. `my-list | take` is now an error: you must supply an argument (previously it was the same as `take 1`.
```

Then, that text there (not the whole code), would need approval by >=1 core team member / other approved contributor.

The reason I'm suggesting this is that historically the project has been treating the collection of nushell commands in `nu-command` as a suitable area for less experienced contributors to start making contributions to nushell in. But actually it's the opposite: `nu-command` should be the most locked-down area, because virtually any change there is a breaking user-facing change, and the standard library of commands is going to play a huge role in how the public judges nushell. We simply can't get to 1.0 until we're extremely happy with the design of that collection and it's going to take a lot of work.

This will be particularly important once we prune down the builtins to the core, and move others to community-contributed plugins, as suggested in https://github.com/nushell/nushell.github.io/blob/55484dfb610026f1071210fa993bce6df7967c1e/contributor-book/philosophy_0_80.md#core-categories

Author: @dandavison I see what you mean and I agree. I reformulated the text in both the contributing guide and the PR template to reflect that. The reason I keep it more general than just "User-Facing Features" is that it applies to the internals as well. For example, if someone comes up with a major redesign of the plugin protocol that doesn't quite fit in, it's better to discuss that beforehand. I'd say same rules should apply here as well.

@rgwood Are you both on board with the current formulations?

Feel free to edit if you disagree with something.

Reviewer: OK, sorry I think I didn't look at this PR carefully enough. I think we're talking about two different things. The change you're making in this PR is about getting pre-approval for an idea. But I'm talking about getting agreement from colleagues on all user-facing API change, _prior to merge_ (whether the author sought prior approval or not). 

In what I'm talking about, there'd would be a completely black-and-white division between implementation and user-facing API, and the agreement from colleagues would only be for the user-facing API change (they are not reviewing the implementation). So if the author redesigned the plugin protocol in a way that affects the user experience, that would be user-facing API. Similarly any change to additions/deletions of builtin commands, or changes to command semantics or type signatures / flags / options etc would be user-facing API.

What I'm suggesting is that everyone, even if they have permission to push to `main` on their own, needs at least one other core contributor to agree with user-facing API changes. The idea is that this will help us evolve toward a shared agreement about design philosophy, and help ensure that we stick to the shared view on design philosophy.

And -- sorry to repeat myself! -- but it's only user-facing API changes that are relevant to design philosophy, by definition: our design philosophy (e.g. https://github.com/nushell/nushell.github.io/pull/656) concerns the user's experience of using nushell, and any change to that is defined to be a user-facing API change, as opposed to implementation/internals.

What I'm saying doesn't have to be represented by a change to the PR template: after all, people without merge permissions can't merge without core team approval. So technically, it would only be a core-team protocol change. But it might help to codify it in the PR template.

Author: I see. It seems you're proposing the following workflow:
1. I have an idea 
2. I discuss it on Discord and get a green light
3. I implement it and list all user-facing features in the PR description
4. Other contributors / core team members comment and suggest changes
5. I implement the changes
6. Everybody agrees
7. Core team member merges the PR

I'd say the user-facing change should already be a part of the initial idea, but I think the additional post-implementation step would help keeping it on track. 

I agree, we do not need to put it to the PR template to keep it short (there is already a requirement for listing the UX changes). We could, however, put it to the contributing guide.
